my guest tonight is equal parts national
treasure talk show host and cartoon fish
she joins us from her very
well-appointed home please welcome Ellen
DeGeneres hello Ellen
Ellen may I ask a planning and first of
all there is nothing scarier than Andy
standing lurking behind you I wouldn't
even say standing behind you but lurking
in that mask it really it's frightening
it's he looks like a sequel to Friday
the 13th but I did want to ask you a lot
of people have been making fun of our
wallpaper they don't like the wallpaper
I know you can't really see much of it
right now but what is your because I
trust your taste what do you think of
the wallpaper here and in our home I
like it
I've been to your house and your kitchen
but I think that's an area I've never
been to and I like it
and I think it's homey and cozy and I
liked when you went around and climbed
through the window to show people using
a green screen okay I enjoy it and you
know that you can't please everybody
they should be thrilled to have you at
all instead of picking on your wallpaper
if you like it then we like it well
thank you I appreciate it
I've noticed that you are making videos
of really not necessarily making videos
but sneaking up on Porsche while she's
cooking yeah yeah and how has that been
it has have you noticed like has she
gotten has she gotten good at it over
the last few weeks
cooking seemingly every night no that's
not true although she is going out we're
trying to support the restaurants here
too because there are still restaurant
look we we just went through you know
the fires and mudslides up here and all
of the restaurants were out of business
all the waitstaff
you know was laid off everybody is just
was just getting back to normal and so
we're trying to support all the
restaurants that's what I'm telling her
look she's she's learned how to cook
which is more than I can say I've done I
don't I don't cook and she's gotten
pretty good at it but we do want to
support the restaurants here too so it's
been a little bit
both we've been she's been cooking she's
not good at here's the thing that she's
good at she's good at slicing her
fingers she's good at she one time did
she someone told her to use a mandolin
instead of a cheese grater so she used a
mandolin but she didn't know there was a
plastic thing that you're supposed to
hold the thing with so then he sliced
her finger with the mandolin so cuz
you're a cook you're actually a really
good cook so what I mean
you're y'all are set well yeah we're OK
in the cooking Department is it true
that on that same day because I'm not
sure how on social media how it lined up
but that same day that Portia sliced her
finger she was also shocked by the
electric fence yes yes yes this has been
a nightmare yeah she's she's definitely
it's it's safer when she doesn't cook
and she just stays inside what what is
your go-to is there a regular meal that
you've been cooking or have you kind of
veered off and tried new things I've
tried a couple of new things but the
thing I cook more than anything is
something we call pasta Tina that's what
it's called in the house and basically
it is cannellini beans garlic olive oil
and a little bit of like garlic a little
bit of flavoring and I make a pasta for
the kids with Parmesan cheese and they
demand this every day every single meal
I said what do you guys want and every
meal they say pasta Tina they would eat
it for breakfast lunch and dinner every
single day so that is our main item of
sustenance would you do me a favor and
send that recipe to me so I can have
Portia try that and then we'll post that
and see how she does absolutely I'll
make her a little video showing her how
I do it and then she can see my
strategies my technique
you're the best now listen I know that
you and es Ellen Andy is peeing in your
yard right now Andy is urinating in your
yard right now
fine okay it's gonna rain soon it'll
water it all down okay good all right I
wanted to ask you about this photograph
the selfie you took at the Oscars this
would be illegal now this would be you
would potentially be arrested for doing
this now this is what it would look like
now a derp that way I know you think you
think of all the things that like yeah I
can't even imagine being that close to a
whole bunch of people now it's crazy
every once in a while I'll go out on the
street and walk up the hill and and
there will be sometimes there are people
like walking up the hill and sometimes
people don't even make any effort to
kind of like maneuver around you they're
really not a lot of people just don't
seem to care about sneezing or sweating
or doing whatever whatever steam is
coming out of their bodies it getting on
you that's not okay yeah I've been
hiking a lot and for the most part
everybody stays like I hiked with Julia
Louie Dreyfus the other day because
she's up here also and we we stayed six
feet apart the whole time we were
walking and talking to each other
neither of us heard of word we were
saying but we did talk but no I mean I
think it's it's really important we
would pass people we would stay pretty
far apart most people up here are pretty
good with the social distancing and I'm
paying attention to it as you see I have
Andi outside and but it's gonna be very
strange to slowly acclimate to - back to
normal life and to be in a group of
people what do you miss do you miss
having the studio audience I do I do
miss having the studio audience yes it's
strange - I did radio for 12 years so I
ant I do have some background in in no
one laughing but it is strange and it's
a weird transition I feel like I've made
it and I wonder what its gonna be like
when we eventually go back will it be
startling will it be like you like when
you you did your Netflix special you
went back to stand-up comedy you
probably didn't realize that
wouldn't be seeing anything like that
again anytime soon yeah yeah yeah I
can't imagine if like I had been working
and and building up to shooting a
special and then this happens and then I
you can't do it like you know I mean
it's like well it's like everybody and
there's all these athletes and there's
the what's gonna happen with with all
the sports it's it's very strange and
and you know I know you feel the same
way I do I'm very blessed that I'm I'm
in a position where I'm you know okay
and safe and but it just is for so many
people out there for so many reasons
it's a it's a it's a very scary time and
and I think it's scarier because we
don't we don't have a clear
understanding of when this is going to
end and how it's gonna end
do you miss giving things away like when
the Amazon guy comes to your house do
you hand them a bowl or a candle or
anything like that no I have a whole
bunch of 4k TCL Roku TV and they're all
their own stacked up anybody that comes
by yeah it's it's it's hard it's it's
really it's a very strange thing I was
talking to somebody about this the other
day and I said I really wonder how we
will look back at this 10 15 years from
now I know we'll keep doing the best we
can yet what Andy I like talking to my
friend Jimmy I miss him it's like an
Andy aquarium back there it's the best
I'm gonna feed him at some point too
I'll bring like some tongs and and bring
him some something
please give Portia our best and I'll
send you that recipe all right I love
you say hi to Molly and I well I'll see
you soon